add ci: surely this will run the first time with no errors (#2)
jbteves/archivotron: README.md

# Archivotron

[![Run Tests](https://github.com/jbteves/archivotron/actions/workflows/archivotron_actions.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/jbteves/archivotron/actions/workflows/archivotron_actions.yaml)

> Here to solve all of the worlds problems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here to solve some of the world's problems.
```
